Blogging so after seen the affinity rule of them two of them know we have another kind of affinity is
do these to VM disk affinity in the previous one.
We see the affinity at the level of the host.
No we'll see the affinity of the level of risk of stars.
At the same idea for example we have two virtual machine that's working the same host.
Also the stars should work at the same hosts all in prison.
Do stars of those virtual machines fall into separate Stosh.
If you remember the one of the exchanges server we have a next chance with two case a case 1 and Case
2 that should run on two separate hosts for any reason.
One of the host tickets that the second host will keep working and the exchange server will be available
for the company without any problem.
It must mean that those virtual machines have the storage of the same data store or the same shared
store.
If something wrong happened to do that.
Or just shit it was due to server will be out of service.
So again we lost the connection to the Exchange server for that we need to separate that out store or
separate shedded stores to Aranda difference between a machine that's me and case one should run in
us different server and then do case one.
Also should store the data in different shared storage.
So how do you see the VM to VM.
Antti affinity.
What's I mean don't run vim's on the same got us.
That's me.
This is the usual.
Never ran this virtual machine and virtual machine in the same datastore always separates them two different
stores.
For example this virtual machine will be started in line number one and this second one the virtual
machine or decays on top of the exchange should be started in do LAN talk.
So oh so any reason we have some virtual machine that shows the beat run on the same bus.
I don't know you an example but there are some situations that you would need to run do be on the same
Bastar.
So for that for example Hyde speed of connection between that store one at the top of store to as the
same example for the shared point and the database they should be at the same store to have a speed
connection between rides and rid of this two battery and machine.
So this is do start out there as a group.
That's how the affinity believe it the VM does.
Also we have another kind of Discovery team that is information about to do a hard drive out of the
virtual machine.
So some video machine for example to treat our driver took a look at her driver some database that need
at least three or four look on her driver in Osterberg to work perfectly and do virtual how driver that
we have.
It's got its V.M. decie want to be in decie top when we add another driver to this virtual machine and
will because it's being decie tree.
So we have some rules that we should run VM decie one and VM decie to do same storage and of course
by default every virtual machine created would start all the VM decie in the same stodge.
This is by default root.
And if you check the folder of the virtual machine if you remember that when we browse the folder after
that store LAN number one we see that the name of the virtual machine when we click on it we see different
file of imagery.
And one of them is the VMT key.
If this machine have all hardly ever will seem to want and even decie tool if we have for you we see
the Endacott tree and Vandercook for etc..
So by default always Aldie vindicates started in the same store.
But in any reason you want to separate those two VM Dickey in two separate spot.
You don't need to Abda VM disk Antti affinity that will separate the VM hard disk onto same Bastar would
surprise the VM do you want to separate that out store.
So this is not a route that you can.
Are they two separate.
Do local disk of virtual machine.
So this is the idea about there is and still are there is a rule that's called affinity and Auntie affinity
you see in the next video.